As of July 2021, One Piece had over 490 million copies in circulation in 58 countries and regions worldwide, making it the best-selling manga series in history, and the best-selling comic series printed in book volume. It is also one of the highest-grossing media franchises of all time.



One Piece is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Eiichiro Oda. It has been serialized in Shueisha's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump since July 1997, with its individual chapters compiled into 101 tankōbon volumes as of December 2021. The story follows the adventures of Monkey D. Luffy, a boy whose body gained the properties of rubber after unintentionally eating a Devil Fruit. With his pirate crew, the Straw Hat Pirates, Luffy explores the Grand Line in search of the world's ultimate treasure known as the "One Piece" in order to become the next King of the Pirates

The manga spawned a media franchise, having been adapted into a festival film produced by Production I.G, and an anime series produced by Toei Animation, which began broadcasting in Japan in 1999. Additionally, Toei has developed fourteen animated feature films, one OVA and thirteen television specials. Several companies have developed various types of merchandising and media, such as a trading card game and numerous video games. The manga series was licensed for an English language release in North America and the United Kingdom by Viz Media and in Australia by Madman Entertainment. The anime series was licensed by 4Kids Entertainment for an English-language release in North America in 2004, before the license was dropped and subsequently acquired by Funimation in 2007.

The series focuses on Monkey D. Luffy, a young man made of rubber, whom, inspired by his childhood idol, the powerful pirate "Red Haired" Shanks, sets off on a journey from the East Blue Sea to find the mythical treasure, the One Piece, and proclaim himself the King of the Pirates. In an effort to organize his own crew, the Straw Hat Pirates,[Jp 1] Luffy rescues and befriends a pirate hunter and swordsman named Roronoa Zoro, and they head off in search of the titular treasure. They are joined in their journey by Nami, a money-obsessed thief and navigator; Usopp, a sniper and compulsive liar; and Sanji, a perverted but chivalrous chef. They acquire a ship, the Going Merry,[Jp 2] and engage in confrontations with notorious pirates of the East Blue. As Luffy and his crew set out on their adventures, others join the crew later in the series, including Tony Tony Chopper, an anthropomorphized reindeer doctor; Nico Robin, an archaeologist and former Baroque Works assassin; Franky, a cyborg shipwright; Brook, a skeleton musician and swordsman; and Jimbei, a fish-man helmsman and former member of the Seven Warlords of the Sea. Once the Going Merry becomes damaged beyond repair, the Straw Hat Pirates acquire a new ship, the Thousand Sunny,[Jp 3] built by Franky. Together, they encounter other pirates, bounty hunters, criminal organizations, revolutionaries, secret agents, and soldiers of the corrupt World Government, and various other friends and foes, as they sail the seas in pursuit of their dreams.

The world of One Piece is populated by humans and many other races, such as fish-men and merfolk (two races of fish/human hybrids), dwarves, minks (a race of humanoids with animal features), and giants. It is covered by two vast oceans, which are divided by a massive mountain range called the Red Line,[Jp 4] which is also the only continent in the world.[2] The Grand Line,[Jp 5] a sea that runs perpendicular to the Red Line, further divides them into four seas: North Blue,[Jp 6] East Blue,[Jp 7] West Blue,[Jp 8] and South Blue.[Jp 9][3] Surrounding the Grand Line are two regions called Calm Belts,[Jp 10] similar to horse latitudes, which experience almost no wind or ocean currents and are the breeding ground for huge sea creatures called sea kings.[Jp 11] Because of this, the calm belts are very effective barriers for those trying to enter the Grand Line.[4] However, navy ships, members of an intergovernmental organization known as the World Government, are able to use a sea-prism stone[Jp 12] to mask their presence from the sea kings and can simply pass through the calm belts. All other ships are forced to take a more dangerous route, going through a mountain at the first intersection of the Grand Line and the Red Line, a canal system known as Reverse Mountain.[Jp 13][5] Sea water from each of the four seas runs up that mountain and merges at the top to flow down a fifth canal and into the first half of the Grand Line, called Paradise because how it compared to the second half.[6] The second half of the Grand Line, beyond the second intersection with the Red Line, is known as the New World.[Jp 14][7]

Paramecia[Jp 20] is a category of fruits that gives the user various superhuman abilities, such as Nico Robin's appendage generation or Brook's self-revival.[20]
Zoan[Jp 21] fruits allow the user to fully or partially transform into a specific animal, like how Tony Tony Chopper can transform into a human-reindeer hybrid. Certain Zoan fruits allow the user to transform into prehistoric creatures, like X Drake being able to turn into an Allosaurus, and even mythical creatures, like how Marco can transform into a phoenix. Through an unknown technique developed by scientist Dr. Vegapunk, inanimate objects can also "eat" a Devil Fruit and gain sentience, like how Spandam's sword become an elephant.[21]
Logia[Jp 22] fruits give control over and allow the user "to change their living body structure into the powers of nature", like Smoker's control over smoke, Portgas D. Ace's control over fire, and Sir Crocodile's control over sand.[19]


Haki (覇気, lit. "Ambition") is a latent ability that every living being in the world of One Piece possesses; very few manage to awaken it, and even fewer master it. There are three varieties of Haki: Color of Observation (見聞色の覇気, Kenbunshoku no Haki) allows one to sense the presence of other beings and to have a form of limited precognition. Color of Arms (武装色の覇気, Busōshoku no Haki) allows one to envelop body parts and even inanimate objects with a force akin to an invisible armor that possesses defensive and offensive properties. It also allows one to inflict harm upon Logia-type Devil Fruit users. The rare Color of the Supreme King (覇王色の覇気, Haōshoku no Haki) is an ability that, unlike the other two Haki, only a few gifted people have. The Color of the Supreme King enables one to overpower the will of the weak-willed. It can be used to force others into submission or even render victims unconscious. Strong-willed people can withstand, or even completely ignore, the effects of this Haki, even if they do not possess the ability themselves. This Haki can also have physical impact, such as causing shock waves and destruction to the user's surroundings.[24]
